# Bash-Scripts
An automation of command-line tasks is extremely useful for a programmer in the process of learning C. Scripting(at least for me) also provides a different frame of 
reasoning towards the instruction of computers compared to other mathematical exercises, or even programming paradigms. This might sound overcomplicated, although the task of scripting can be interpreted(at least by me) among certain programmers as a level lower than imperative programming. The obvious level below imperative programming would be assembly language, although I infer command-line scripting can fare lower than imperative programming. More on this in the second commit. 

Second Commit: 
Different programming tasks (or even projects) require different frames of logic. A compiler written in C will require a different paradigm compared to a game written in a Python library, and other examples exist. I mentioned before that command-line scripting is a level below imperative programming. By this statement, I am referring to mathematical logic, not machine addresses. Machine addresses would obviously dictate assembly language to be below imperative programming. In fact, scripting interacts with the lowest graphical component possible. For example, Bash is the default CLI of some GNU/Linux distributions. Interaction with this shell is limited to direct commands and their logic structures. By contrast C is a compiled language which allows for formal mathematical structures and entire programming paradigms. The files in the repository directly display these differences between scripting and formal programming.

